this is an scx video on compact SDX
system this is basically the compact
tuning set a nice figure 8 set it comes
to 2 tuning cars your blue and your
orange one this is basically I've got it
basically set up in two sets just to
show you quickly how the sets may that's
a figure eight the system is basically a
click and go track this is 143rd scale
or smaller set it just clicks and it's
ready to go your guard rails are very
easy to put together basically you're
just going to snap the two pieces
together or you can do the whole the
whole stretch in one big string if
you'll want and basically you can start
from one end of the track and from the
bottom you're gonna click this in like
this and it's just gonna click all the
way around okay and it will just spits
right in nice and neat like that and
you're gonna do that all the way around
your whole layout and that keeps
basically outside car from flying off
the track okay
now the next thing you're gonna do then
you've got three connectors into your
terminal base this is your terminal base
it has your two controllers and your
power outlet everything has a notch
which it fits right into so you don't
have to worry about putting it in the
wrong direction so you've got that all
plugged in you then plug your power unit
into your power supply like an outlet at
home you then test which cars on the
track so we got that car on that track
you go around the track pass slowly to
make sure there's no dead pieces but
usually there isn't the track is pretty
tight and secure then check your other
car make sure your other car is going
around yep it's going around outside
inside so that basically the track is
the same length and track once you've
tested your track out you're really
ready to go to race your set okay now
another thing to keep your cars clean
your guy braids this is a brand new
guide blade you see how nice and flat it
is now if you're if your kids take your
cars and go back forth like this
dragging it backwards maybe they're
going
these live braids are gonna kind of
creep like this one see how that's
starting to crinkle well that's gonna
have an adverse effect on your driving
so you want to flatten these babies out
okay and the good stuff to use to clean
it is glue gone you can get it in your
detergent aisle or you can get at your
local hobby store put a little bit on
your finger brush it on your guide
braids on your car that will clean out
some of the grime that will collect on
your brushes okay after you got that
cleaned out point those down a little
bit so their flight's kind of running
just the same it's the other kind of the
same angle as the guide braid or the pin
itself put it on the track and your car
will run a lot nicer
okay so nice that runs keeping your
guide braids clean will have a
tremendous effect on your set your set
will last a lot longer okay and make
sure that when you take the set apart
that you don't go like this don't bend
it like this just pull it right apart
because if you bend it I'm gonna do it
like this but I don't want you to do
this at home is if you better like this
you might snap off these pins here so
always make sure and so don't lift it up
and pull it like this
or pull it apart like that either okay
don't do that because you can break the
pin okay like that okay don't do that
remember pull it apart like this and
that's basically the the basic
maintenance and the construction of the
compact system it's our basic set and
it's a great Buy
and you'll have a lot of fun with it
thanks and have a great day